IBX-6417: Describe UI/UX improvements (#264)
ibexa/documentation-user: docs/personalization/content_import.md

## List of import operations

> In the Back Office, from the left-hand menu, under **Personalization**, you can access 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the Back Office, **Personalization** tab, you can access 
```

> In the Back Office, from the left-hand menu, under **Personalization**, you can access 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the Back Office, from the main menu, under **Personalization**, you can access 
```
